Changelog 26.5.0 (#5981)
conda/conda-build: CHANGELOG.md

* Stop the verbose "No numpy version specified in conda_build_config.yaml" warning when that warning does not apply to config files: parsing of `conda_build_config.yaml` uses a dedicated selector path (`cbc_line_selectors`) that does not look up `numpy` from the (not-yet-merged) variant. The previous behavior on recipe and full metadata rendering is unchanged. (#5962)

### Deprecations

* Deprecate `build/missing_dso_whitelist` recipe key in favor of `build/missing_dso_allowlist` (pending in 26.9, removal in 27.3). (#5902)
* Deprecate `build/runpath_whitelist` recipe key in favor of `build/runpath_allowlist` (pending in 26.9, removal in 27.3). (#5902)
* Deprecate `conda_build.post.check_overlinking_impl`'s `missing_dso_whitelist` keyword argument in favor of `missing_dso_allowlist` (pending in 26.9, removal in 27.3). (#5902)
* Deprecate `conda_build.post.check_overlinking_impl`'s `runpath_whitelist` keyword argument in favor of `runpath_allowlist` (pending in 26.9, removal in 27.3). (#5902)
* Deprecate `conda_build.post.DEFAULT_MAC_WHITELIST` constant in favor of `DEFAULT_MAC_ALLOWLIST` (pending in 26.9, removal in 27.3). (#5902)

> * Deprecate `conda_build.post.DEFAULT_WIN_WHITELIST` constant in favor of `DEFAULT_WIN_ALLOWLIST` (pending in 26.9, removal in 27.3). (#5902)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mark `build/missing_dso_whitelist` recipe key as pending deprecation to be removed in 27.3. Use `build/missing_dso_allowlist` recipe key instead. (#5902)
* Mark `build/runpath_whitelist` recipe key as pending deprecation to be removed in 27.3. Use `build/runpath_allowlist` instead. (#5902)
* Mark `conda_build.post.check_overlinking_impl(missing_dso_whitelist)` as pending deprecation to be removed in 27.3. Use `missing_dso_allowlist` instead. (#5902)
* Mark `conda_build.post.check_overlinking_impl(runpath_whitelist)` as pending deprecation to be removed in 27.3. Use `runpath_allowlist` instead. (#5902)
* Mark `conda_build.post.DEFAULT_MAC_WHITELIST` as pending deprecation to be removed in 27.3. Use `conda_build.post.DEFAULT_MAC_ALLOWLIST` instead. (#5902)
* Mark `conda_build.post.DEFAULT_WIN_WHITELIST` as pending deprecation to be removed in 27.3. Use `conda_build.post.DEFAULT_WIN_ALLOWLIST` instead. (#5902)
```
